As with any other resources on AWOS you might have to delete your lambda functions and let's learn how
we can do that and to do that.
I'm just going to go up here and define my method and I'll say do eat Lamda
function.
All right.
So I'll just pass in a function name so I can use it to delete my lambda function.
And within my method I'm just going to say I'm the client that delete function.
All right just like that.
And I'm going to pass in the function name as my argument to this call.
So let's just say function name equals to function name.
All right.
Let's just fix that typo.
And here we go.
So let's just go down and comment this line out first and let's just say do eat lambda function and
this time I want to delete the no Chia's lambda function.
All right.
Now let's go and execute this method.
Here we go.
Let's switch back to our AWOS console and from there let's go to functions and as you can see we only
have two functions and those are job Alamdar function in Python lambda function.
We don't have any no Geass lambda function anymore.
We successfully treated our No just lambda function and deleting your lambda functions is very straightforward.
As you can see.